1. What is emmet ? => Emmet uses different abbreviations and short expressions depending on what's passed, 
and then dynamically converts the abbreviations into the full code. Emmet is mostly used for HTML, XML, and CSS, 
but it can also be used with programming languages.

2. Difference between a Library and a framework ? => Both the framework vs library is precoded support programs to develop complex software applications. 
However, libraries target a specific functionality, while a framework tries to provide everything required to develop a complete application.

3. What is CDN? why do we use it ? => A CDN improves efficiency by introducing intermediary servers between the client and the website server. 
These CDN servers manage some of the client-server communications. 
They decrease web traffic to the web server, reduce bandwidth consumption, and improve the user experience of your applications.

4. Why is React known as React ? => React is aptly named because: It "reacts" quickly to changes without reloading the whole page. 
It uses the virtual DOM to efficiently update parts of a webpage. 
It's built around components that "react" and update.

5. What is crossorigin in script tag ? => Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) is an extension of the same-origin policy. 
You need it for authorized resource sharing with external third parties. 
For example, you need CORS when you want to pull data from external APIs that are public or authorized.
The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request. Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. 
Here is where CORS comes in. 
A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.

6. What is the difference between react and reactdom ? => While React provides the tools and concepts to define component-based user interfaces, 
ReactDOM handles the task of rendering those interfaces in a web environment. 
Together, they form the foundation of React web applications.

7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via cdn? =>
The React library provides two versions of its JavaScript files: react.development.js and react.production.js. These files serve different purposes and are typically 
used in different stages of the development and deployment process. When serving these files via a Content Delivery Network (CDN), 
there are a few key differences between them:
File Size: The react.development.js file is typically larger in size compared to react.production.js. 
The development version contains additional code, comments, and debugging information that aids in development and troubleshooting. 
On the other hand, the production version is optimized for performance and has undergone various optimizations, 
including minification and removal of unnecessary code, resulting in a smaller file size.

8. What is async and defer ? => in notebook

